Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Are you watching this?
Look at this.
Sean Penn is doing more about
the hostages than we are.
These poor kids...
they're like Catherine's age.
I'd be terrible in a hostage
situation, even as a hostage taker.
So, ma'am, no word yet
from the Secretary of Defense
about joining him
at the Marine base?
Uh, no, nothing from Maddox,
but he knows I've got a bigger
role in the White House now,
which means I've got a bigger
dick, which means he can suck it.
I'm so happy about that.
How's my speech coming?
Oh, one minor change.
Just one word, really.
"Considered response" is now
gonna be "robust response."
Robust?
Damn, that's good.
Yeah, I mean, it's subtle
enough to seem loyal to POTUS.
- That's gonna electrify DC.
- Oh, it's gonna AC DC.
Robust is a good word.
And you don't hear it often,
like bumptious.
Yeah, it's what you want
to hear in a hostage crisis.
Robust, not bumptious.
Mike, what do you think?
What do you think about robust?
Robust? I like it.
It makes me think of wine.
It's actually
how I like my reds.
You like your reds through a
bendy straw, too, right, Mike?
You got donut on you, Mike.
Sue, good luck at the hearing.
- Remember, Sue, be dull.
- I will.
Are you here for a meeting?
I'm not expecting anyone.
- Sue, I'm your fill-in, Cliff.
- Cliff. Hey, I'm Gary.
I'm your neighbor.
Remember, take care of Selina, okay?
VP stands
for "very precious."
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Cliff.
- Yes.
This is the Veeplopedia.
It's everything
you'll ever need to know.
Wow. Hope it comes
with CliffsNotes.
That was a play on my name.
My name is Cliff.
Don't do jokes, Cliff.
I don't have a sense of humor
and neither should you.
Good morning.
How do you make two perfectly pleasant words
so irritating?
And here he is, the man
who can't take a leak
without polling his balls.
Bring me my cerise-colored
binder, Jonah.
Cerise?
Yes, sir.
The VP's base visit today.
Secretary of Defense Maddox
is living up to his name.
He's mad as an ox.
I'm sure I can break up
any catfights when I get there.
The veep's more concerned
with the hostage situation.
Yeah, I was talking
to POTUS last night.
He had a pro-strike hawk
boner the size of Jonah.
And then you talked to him
about it this morning
and he's suddenly
totally against the operation.
All I do is provide POTUS
with the polls.
- Cold numbers.
- God, I hate numbers.
There's cultures that don't even have
any numbers and they do just fine.
Well, Ben, it seems like you're ill-suited
for your job and you should resign.
Ben's breakdown aside,
the VP feels we need
a quick military strike here.
Yeah, precise and surgical,
like your lobotomy, Kent.
- The cerise binders, sir.
- No, that's cherry red.
- Cerise.
- I'm sorry, sir.
I must have a very specific
form of color blindness.
I cook these noodles every day.
Oh, the noodle analogy.
You guys are gonna love this.
I will leave.
They need to be heated
at 800 watts
for three minutes
and 35 seconds.
Any more and they'll dry out.
Any less and they will be
flaccid and damp
like a lady's hair in the rain.
- Why are we talking about noodles?
- No, let me rephrase that.
Why the fuck are we talking
about noodles?
I'll tell you why.
Hostage crisis, noodles... same principle.
Both require precision timing,
neither should be rushed.
Inaction only becomes untenable
when more than 65% of Americans
support intervention
even with casualties.
So you'd like me to tell the vice
president we do nothing until then?
Waiting is not doing nothing.
I choose to wait for my noodles
even though my salivary glands
are crying out to me
like newly hatched birds.
But they will thank me
because I waited until...
You just timed out
that whole shit analogy
for your little ding?
That is fucking pathetic.
Hey, have we heard
anything from Maddox?
Is he spitting bullets 'cause
I'm showing up at the base?
- Nothing. Nada.
- Really?
- It's eerie, right?
- It is eerie.
Hey, Neilio. We're in.
See you in there, I guess.
Okay. Thanks.
Probably got his head
stuck in her ass.
Yes, I do.
Oh, my gosh, yes.
Hey, ma'am, you've got five minutes
of veep time before Maddox arrives.
- Yeah.
- They're not saluting you.
They don't salute
indoors, Gary.
- Good morning, Marine.
- Ma'am.
You served in Iraq?
I see.
And were you anywhere near...
- Baghdad.
- Anbar.
- ...Anbar?
- Yes.
Anbar, wonderful.
Ma'am, this base
houses Marine 2.
I understand
that Marine 2 is here.
And did you know in the CD player
I've got "Ride of the Valkyries"?
"Apocalypse Now."
That's one of my favorite films.
It's dark, but I like it.
- Marines like to be called Devil Dogs.
- Devil Dogs.
You are a bunch of Devil Dogs,
that's what I hear.
I was married to a Devil Dog,
but he wasn't a Marine.
He was more of a devil.
She's so funny.
Thank you for your service.
- Good morning, Marine.
- He has a nice face.
- You have a nice face.
- Thank you, ma'am.
And where did
you serve, Marine?
Cease fire!
These small arms have a max
effective range of 25 yards.
Small arms means guns, ma'am.
- Oh, really, Gary? Not T-rex hands?
- Okay.
Mr. Secretary,
would you like to try?
No, I'm good.
I've fired a gun before.
Okay.
- In anger, too, I might add.
- Oh, uh-oh.
But why don't you give it
a try, Madam Vice President?
Oh, I don't...
Um, can you give me
just half a sec?
What the fuck?
- This could backfire.
- It's not gonna backfire.
The gun could literally backfire.
That's where the phrase comes from.
Ma'am, this could really
chap Maddox's ass, too.
Oh, yeah, it
would, wouldn't it?
You could chip a veneer and I
don't really want that to happen.
I don't care.
I'm going in.
You know what? Let's lock and load.
What do you say?
Yeah? Yeah.
Here he is, Kanye West Wing.
Congressman Ramsey, right?
No, I'm Cliff.
I'm Sue's Sue.
- I'm the boy named Sue.
- What?
Cliff, when I said no jokes,
that wasn't a joke.
Sue, Hessler's efficiency hearing,
you've got to keep it dull, okay?
Give 'em a blah job.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I know, Jonah.
That's what everyone's been saying.
Keep it dull, which
incidentally, is also dull.
I'd like to first of all
thank the vice president
for waiving executive privilege
in the interest of transparency
and allowing Miss Wilson to
join us today on the committee.
Do you think she's nervous?
Why would she be nervous?
The only people
watching this are you
and some guy in the hospital
with locked-in syndrome.
If I may, I'd like
to begin with percentages
of your office budget
dedicated to international
- and domestic transportation.
- My pulse is racing, sir.
Here you are,
Madam Vice President.
Ensure you keep your finger
straight and off the trigger.
All right.
This is fun, isn't it?
If you don't mind my saying, ma'am,
there speaketh a civilian.
All right.
There speaketh a pricketh.
Oh, Jesus fucking Christ!
Oh!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I didn't...
These fellas have heard a
lot worse than that, ma'am.
- Tremendous shot, by the way.
- Really?
Oh, how about that?
Fastest gun in the West Wing.
- - Did you see that? How about it?
Yes, ma'am.
As you know, we have a very
special guest here today.
It would have been nice to have been
consulted about your speech, ma'am.
I could have given you
some advice.
I know what I'm doing, George.
With this hostage situation,
I don't think you have
the intelligence.
As in intel, of course, ma'am.
Are you serious?
Are you actually questioning
my qualifications, George?
There are just
some security issues
with the four countries
that neighbor Uzbekistan.
Is it four or is it five?
Or is it six?
Or is it seven?
You don't know, do you?
It's five.
So first, please welcome the
Secretary of Defense George Maddox.
I pulled that
straight out of my ass.
You were born for that moment.
I know.
He's Iwo Jima.
I'm planting a flag
right on his head.
Now I'd like to work
on breaking down
the vice president's official
versus political
duties if we can.
Sir, I was told that I'd be asked
questions about efficiency.
So far you have
barely asked me any.
Your efficiency hearing
isn't very efficient.
You want a question?
What can you tell me
about this visit to
the Marine base at Quantico?
The government sending two different
motorcades, the defense secretary's
and the VP's,
to the same location.
- That doesn't seem very efficient.
- Oh, shit a shark.
This is why I told her
to be dull.
Do you not have measures
in place to prevent
this kind of wasteful duplication
of government resources?
Sir, we have a system
that I believe to be...
robust.
- Robust?
- Robust.
And you don't think it's a sign
that your office
is poorly managed?
Our management team
is... robust.
Okay, now she just sounds
mentally ill.
Don't you have somewhere
you're supposed to be?
I'm working remotely.
I'm guessing you have one of
those word a day calendars.
And I know what the word
for today is.
It's robust.
Would you like to give me
a definition as well?
Well, I'm guessing that you think you
have a sense of humor, Mr. Hessler.
Which you are wrong about,
as you are about the calendar.
That is my definition
of robust.
My speech is a face-melter.
These buzz cuts are gonna flip.
It's not your speech.
My fingerprints are all over that sucker.
They're sticky and they're
on the back, Mike.
It's time to robust a nut
all over this place.
- Oh, shit. We can't.
- What?
Sue, she just used robust
three times at the hearing.
- No, she didn't.
- Yeah. What the...?
Selina can't use that now.
We need another word.
Just a synonym for robust.
Give me something.
Give me a word. Any word!
Aggressive.
No, that's too aggressive.
We don't want to say that.
- Okay, resolute.
- Determined.
- That's the exact same thing as resolute.
- Then we'll use mine.
Explosive. Punchy. Fearless.
I'm just saying words.
- Strong. Go with strong.
- Strong? Strong, got it.
Gary, I need the speech.
I need the vice president's ear.
Get your own ear, van Gogh.
Back off.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- What the hell?
Good morning, Marines!
- Oorah.
- Oorah!
Oh, my goodness.
We who have answered
the call to serve
this great nation know this,
that those who
challenge our freedoms
can expect a robust response.
- There goes the R-bomb.
- I thought we weren't doing robust.
I thought we were
still on considered.
We have the best military
in the world.
And we are not afraid.
- Hey, Mike?
- Yes, ma'am.
Stick a thermometer
up Washington's ass.
See how much heat
I just created.
Parting the cheeks.
You know robust is my word.
She stole my word.
She was supposed
to be dull, Mike.
And did you see that photo
of me in "Politico"?
My God, I look constipated.
- No, you don't.
- Meet me in my office.
You don't look constipated.
You look the opposite of it.
What's the opposite
of constipated, Mike?
- Relieved.
- No.
Relieved is not the opposite
of constipated, Mike.
Hang up the phone, dummy.
- Hey, ma'am, you seen this yet?
- What is it?
Just the "Post."
"VP sister act
robusting the moves"?
Ma'am, there's
also... yeah.
What in the living
fuck is this?
It's a word cloud from
this morning's "DC Press."
The size of each word corresponds
to its total number of uses.
Do people not use
sentences anymore?
Well, I mean, your word...
I mean, robust is dominating.
So, you know, that's good.
Look at the word Sue.
- Sue made it.
- Sure. It's there, too.
Well, where's the word Selina?
Oh, it, um...
It's, uh...
I just saw it.
Ha! There.
There it is.
Look how teeny tiny that is.
It's bigger than collapse.
It's teeny tiny because
technically you have four names.
Vice President Selina Meyer.
Yeah, plus all the nicknames
that we don't talk about.
I mean, Sue only has one name
like Pocahontas or Hitler.
- Or Moby or Bigfoot.
- Hey, Sue!
- Sue!
- Yes, ma'am?
What?
You're not fucking Sue.
I'm Cliff.
I'm filling in for Sue
while she preps for her return
appearance on the sixth.
She has a return appearance?
What does she need
an encore for?
Yeah, it's an encore.
Start popping your popcorn.
- Okay, thank you very much.
- Must Sue TV.
I said that's enough.
Thank you.
Gary, we need to start prepping
for the whole senator
swearing-in thing.
- Oh, yeah. It's Gary-oke time.
- Yes, it is.
All right, I put together
one card for each senator.
Actually, ma'am, I had some ideas
about some opportunities here.
I think it'd be a good idea
if we focus more
on each senator's particular policy
interests rather than small talk.
- Yeah, I don't think that's a bad idea.
- What?
Yeah, take the coat.
That makes sense to me.
I think that...
oh, there's Sue.
Okay, get away from me.
Sue!
No, the real Sue.
You stay away from her ear.
Do you hear me?
Gary-oke is done, my friend.
It's time for Danny-oke now.
- Danny-oke?
- End of an era, buddy. End of an era.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm not famous.
Maybe only in DC.
Oh, yeah,
me and Kim Kardashian.
Oh, I've got to go.
Bye, bye, bye. Ma'am?
- Why don't you take a seat, Sue?
- Oh, sorry, ma'am.
Sit down, Sue.
All right, I've got
a bone to pick...
Ma'am, I know you really love me,
but now you're gonna hate me.
What?
Sec Def Maddox just did an interview
with Bloomberg.
Yeah?
He's now calling
for an aggressive response.
- - Aggressive?
Yeah, I just got that, too.
Does aggressive trump robust?
Well, it's robustier.
No, robust is like a rock
and aggressive is like paper.
Oh, shoot, paper covers rock.
I forget about that.
- We just got a text from Ben.
- And? What's his word?
His word is "get-the-vice-president-over-here
right-now-we're-having-a-fucking-meeting."
It's all one word hyphenated.
Remind me, you said what?
- Your response needs to be what?
- Robust.
- Robust. And you said?
- Aggressive.
- You see the problem?
- No, I don't.
They're different words.
And saying different
words means what?
It means we're not
on the same...
- Diet?
- Page.
Oh, I thought you were
gonna say diet, Ben.
- I don't like your tone.
- And I don't have to answer to you, Ben.
Or to Lara Croft here
for that matter.
Yeah, perhaps not, but we
all work for the president.
Oh, where is the great
and powerful Oz, by the way?
Listen, we all know the White
House would work so much better
if there wasn't a president,
but there is.
So we work around that.
And we do that by sticking
to the same fucking words.
And it's your job
to coordinate that, maestro.
That's right. So from now on, the
words are calculated response.
Calculated?
That sounds so...
- Calculated?
- Pussy-ass, that's what I was gonna say.
You've got to light a fire
under the president's butt.
Let's get some action here.
She fires a gun one time and she
thinks she's Rommel in the desert.
Yeah, let me tell you something.
I'm a good shot.
You know what?
I may even start... you know,
whatever it's called... packing heat.
How about that?
When you do that, I'm gonna
start supporting gun control.
- I have news on the noodles.
- What's he talking about?
- We can move on the hostages.
- Cock-a-noodle-doo.
Oh, my God. I'd kiss you right now,
but I'm never gonna do that.
Earliest we could go in would
be the sixth or the ninth.
We got to go early.
You know POTUS.
If we give him enough time,
he's gonna change his mind.
He's gonna
procrasterbate forever.
- Madam Vice President?
- Huh? Yeah.
Um, just give me one second.
One second.
Amy, call the office.
- Office of the Vice President.
- This is the vice president.
- Yes, it is.
- No, no, this is the vice president.
- Oh, okay. I'm sorry, ma'am.
- It's fine.
Look into my calendar and
tell me if there is anything
on the sixth that is immovable.
Uh, no, ma'am,
it all looks moveable.
The only thing that can't move is Sue's
second hearing appearance on the sixth.
- Oh, that's on the sixth?
- Yes, ma'am.
Set your DVR.
I'm thinking of... okay, you hung up.
Well, gentlemen,
the sixth it's gonna be.
Let's bring these kids home
as soon as possible.
So we're all agreed?
The sixth, it's gonna be a bad day
for the bad guys.
Let's go find POTUS.
Now you went with the sixth
because it's before the ninth?
- Yeah, of course.
- And Sue's return to the committee
- has nothing to do with it?
- You know what I'm interested in?
Getting innocent Americans
home safe and sound, right?
Move everything off
of the sixth for me.
- You can clear that.
- Absolutely, ma'am.
The only thing I need to move is
the senator swearing-in ceremony,
so we're good.
What?
The senator
swearing-in ceremony.
You said that
everything was moveable.
And that's not moveable.
That's immoveable.
Surely nothing is immoveable.
Amy, this is like explaining
gravity to a chicken.
The senator swearing-in
ceremony is set in stone.
She's the president
of the Senate.
She swears in
all newly elected senators.
Right? You get that?
You understand it?
- Do you need to Google it?
- No, ma'am, I understand.
I don't think
you do understand.
Because you are grinning.
Why are you grinning?
- I'm not grinning.
- You are grinning.
You have made a fuckup
the size of France
and you are fucking
grinning about it.
I'm trying not to.
I'm not sure why my face is doing this.
- Oh, damn it.
- Okay.
I don't know what's going on,
but she didn't mean
what she just said, okay?
Okay.
Ma'am, is there anything...
- Classified!
- Oh, my God!
I pushed for the sixth, right?
I got my date.
This is my date, Amy.
This is my hostage
rescue mission.
The most important
thing on the day
is we can't look suspicious
in our movements.
Yeah, I know that.
I know how to act normal, okay?
I'll be normal.
It's gonna be great.
I can't believe
I'm in this position.
This is all Cliff's fault,
that grinning fucking Ewok.
They're all
in the situation room.
I'm stuck here swearing in
a shitload of senators.
Well, the virtual sit room
is right back there
and we've got a secure
video teleconference
- in the situation room, so...
- Oh, great.
My secure video
teleconference with history.
Okay, ma'am, you got
33 senators to get through.
Oh, boy. Well, I feel like that porn
star who had to do 200 men in one day.
At least she got
to lie down, right?
Well, let's bring
this beautiful family in.
Oh, look at this.
You all have good blood.
What's up?
I can see it. It's right here.
This isn't a POTUS thing.
Why is scrotus here?
Think of me
as a cheerleader, Mike.
Oh, God.
I'm imagining you
in a bathtub
full of rose petals.
Thank you. Off you go.
Brian, you're up.
- Come, come.
- Madam Vice President.
- Congratulations.
- What an honor.
It's so good to see you.
I want to know how all
your filmmaking is going.
- Beg pardon?
- And so on.
- Your fishing.
Oh, yeah. It's good.
I'm still hunting for that big one.
Well, that's all we want.
We all want the big one, don't we?
- Did she just make an innuendo?
- Yep. Yep.
That I will bear true faith...
and allegiance to the same.
That I take this obligation
freely without any mental
reservation or purpose of evasion
and that I will well
and faithfully discharge
the duties of the office of which I
am about to enter, so help me Brian.
- Yes.
- Uh, I am Brian.
- I know.
- I think you mean, "So help you God."
Yes, yes.
Oh, so help you God.
- So help me God.
- Me, God, yes.
Oh, my God.
Okay, let's get the family in here.
What's going on?
It's just a blip.
She's gonna be fine.
- I'm Ruby.
- Oh, Ruby.
Oh, I wish that was
my cousin's name.
This is the worst small talk
I've ever heard.
And I'm including mine in that
and mine is horrible.
She's done worse.
I can't think of when,
but she has.
And off you go.
Maryanne.
What in the living...
Lord of Christ
are you doing here?
- But you are.
- I'm here.
So you had a good New Year's?
Yes, we were skiing in Vermont.
Well, that's how
the cookie crumbles.
Yeah, now let's take a photo.
West Wing. Jonah.
Okay, Philip Dorsey's the last
one, so he's gonna be quick.
His wife just died
and he has no family left.
That's great.
For us, I mean.
- 'Cause we're done.
- Okay.
Amy, it's time o'clock.
- What's time o'clock?
- Time o'clock.
This is... I can't
take this anymore.
And so won't you give
my love to Patty?
- She passed away.
- Yes. Yes.
Excuse me, ma'am.
It is time o'clock.
All right, let's get
swearing, Philip.
I do solemnly swear...
that I will support and defend
the Constitution
of the United States
against all enemies,
foreign and domestic.
That I will bear true faith...
- Maybe she's pregnant again.
- Oh, God.
Or she's menopausal.
Oh, God, she's gonna want that
testosterone gel. I'm out of here.
- ...so help me God.
So help me God.
Uh, I have to move on, Philip.
They all leave me eventually.
Something's up. Something's up.
What's going on?
- Ma'am. Ma'am. Right here.
- Oh, yeah.
- Ma'am, I've got...
- No, you're not needed here, Gary.
- This is man's work.
- Ma'am, should I...
Same goes
for you, Dan. No.
- Let's black out till we drop.
- Sorry, fellas.
I'll just be closing
this door right now.
Wait a minute. Jonah's going in?
- Say hi to history, ma'am.
- Oh, God.
The men get the situation room,
I get the shituation room?
- Ma'am, the comms should be live now.
- Oh.
Hi, gentlemen.
I hope you heard that joke.
That was meant
for you to hear it.
Madam Vice President,
this is General Mercer.
This is so awesome.
I'll bet you camera three gets a kill.
General, Mr. President.
Operation Good Shepherd
is proceeding well, ma'am.
We are looking at
live feeds from cams
aboard the Black Hawks
and we are about to go in.
- Good luck, gentlemen.
- Ma'am.
When the guns go off, they
will be loud, Madam Vice President,
so no swearing.
George, comments like that
are incredibly inappropriate
when people's lives
are at stake.
I've got to
get a refill here.
Old jumbo needs a refill.
Excuse me.
- It's a good photo, ma'am.
- Jonah, there are more important things
going on in the world
right now.
Oh, yeah.
Huh.
Acquisition is confirmed.
The eggs are back
in the basket!
Yeah!
Eggs-shak-a-laka!
In your fucking face, eggs.
What? The hostages?
We got 'em?
Yeah!
Legacy marker.
Gary. Gary.
So Sue's return to the hearing's
wiped off the news map.
That's the last thing on
anyone's mind today. Come on.
Of course.
Last year's expenditure
on office supplies
was held at the exact same level
as the previous year.
Which means
that the total sum...
Seems like you're
no longer news, Miss Wilson.
Your 15 minutes might be up.
Ashes to ashes,
robust to dust.
Oh, hey, Sue.
How was the sequel?
Short.
Pumped and dumped
by the fame monster, huh?
Oh, I got the full mission
eval from the NSC.
- Let's speak to the veep.
- Let's go.
Yep?
- Ma'am.
- Congratulations, ma'am.
Thank you, Mr. Ryan.
Operation Good Shepherd...
total success.
Yeah!
Semper fucking fee.
- Fi.
- Fi. Fi, right.
All hostages
recovered unharmed.
- Only one injury.
- Detail on that injury?
A Marine sergeant,
2nd recon battalion,
stray ordnance, he lost a leg.
Uh... wait, wait.
You mean one of our
Marines lost a leg?
Yes, ma'am.
His left leg, ma'am.
Um...
the entire leg?
I believe he lost
from above the knee.
Oh, so they were able to...
just salvage his foot?
No, I believe he lost
from above...
he basically doesn't have a
leg from above the knee down.
Was he part of the operation?
Yes. He was actually due to
be rotated out on the eighth.
Oh, on the eighth.
Huh. Okay.
Is he...
ahem, is he in a lot of pain?
- Oh, no, ma'am.
- Oh, good.
No, he's in an induced coma.
But I suppose
when he wakes up...
I just need to get some air.
Excuse me.
- Congratulations again, ma'am.
- Thanks a million.
- Congratulations, ma'am.
- Thank you.
- I lost a man his leg, Mike.
- So good. So good.
No, no, no.
I lost a man his leg, Mike.
Thanks.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you.
Ma'am, I just want to say
consummate performance.
Not only did you rescue
the hostages,
but you annihilated Sue.
You picked the operation date to
blow her appearance off the map.
I mean, genius play, ma'am.
Genius.
I call that overshadowboxing.
You know what, Dan?
The problem with being so close
to somebody's ear all the time
is that you begin to think that
you can see inside their head,
but you can't, Dan.
You can't.
- Do you understand that?
- Understood, ma'am.
- Hey, ma'am.
- Yes?
Can I get you a cinnamon mocha
or something?
Yeah, let me get that for you.
End of an era, buddy.
End of an era.
I lost a man his leg.
Please stop saying that, ma'am.
He'll bounce back.
I got a feeling.
Ma'am, the vice president
sometimes has to do
bad things to make
good things happen.
The leg is just
the price of admission
to the place you wanted to be.
Well, maybe we could
invite him to the White House.
You know, once he's
back up on his...
Sure, we'll roll out the ramps.
Ma'am, some of the prosthetic
legs they have these days
are as good as real legs.
I guarantee you they're
better than my shitty legs.
I hate my legs.
In fact, if I had the choice...
Huh?
Never mind.
I'm gonna go.
Hey, ma'am.
How would you like
a nice little almond croissant?
Oh, yeah.
I would love that.
Okay. Okay.
Can you make it a big one
so you can stuff me
inside of it
and smuggle me out of here?
Of course I can.
And there might be a little
raspberry surprise in them.
Okay.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Sync and corrected by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org